Fix #554: Hide unused Pauli-measurement legend entry (#560)
TeamGraphix/graphix: CHANGELOG.md

  - Empty outputs layer removed from flow's partial order.
  - Flow well-formedness check does not trigger false negative for flows on open graphs without outputs.

> - #554, #560: Pauli-measurement entry is removed from the legend when visualizing an open graph without Pauli measurements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- #554, #560: Legends accompanying open graph visualizations only include elements present in the  graph.
```
